hello friends welcome Santa's home
kitchen and today I am going to show you
how we can make online cranberries
drinks these drinks is very special for
Thanksgiving Day so let's start so for
making cranberry here I am taking fresh
cranberries water 2 tbsp of lemon juice
and sugar
so at first I am going to shove them
into really hot water with some sugar
just 2 spoon 2 TSP of sugar for about at
least 2 hours after 2 hour you can see
this water became red and can berries
also became very soft soft so now I am
going to blend it and so at first
range at first camp reverie
homework
see the color is really really nice
I saw
lemon juice
sugar
Here I am using 4 4 TSP sugar you can
use more
this is also a student your preference
and pinch of salt salt is totally
optional just picture
is done and now I am going to filter it
by the stair so friends after filtration
this is thick cranberry juice now I am
going to make drinks so forth
I read further
really
now
right
if you want one
and some chopped grandbabies a big job
see
and took all crappy
you can see this is my eye
that belief